[12.x] Refines wording related to Isolatable commands (#10475)
laravel/docs: artisan.md

}
```

> When a command is marked as `Isolatable`, you can add an `--isolated` option to the command. When the command is invoked with that option, Laravel will ensure that no other instances of that command are already running. Laravel accomplishes this by attempting to acquire an atomic lock using your application's default cache driver. If other instances of the command are running, the command will not execute; however, the command will still exit with a successful exit status code:

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
When you mark a command as `Isolatable`, Laravel automatically makes the `--isolated` option available for this particular command, so you can add it when calling it, without explicitly specifying it in the command file. When the command is invoked with that option, Laravel will ensure that no other instances of that command are already running. Laravel accomplishes this by attempting to acquire an atomic lock using your application's default cache driver. If other instances of the command are running, the command will not execute; however, the command will still exit with a successful exit status code:
```
?
